Update README.md (#10)
withhaibun/haibun: README.md

# Installation

> The installation uses a sh script, it is tested in Linux & Mac OS X, should also work on Windows using WSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation uses a shell script, it is tested in Linux & macOS, and should also work on Windows using WSL.
```
